Add important tip to Hashicorp Vault & CLI section to Import Conns/Vars (#2552)
astronomer/docs: astro/import-export-connections-variables.md

For security reasons, you can't bulk import or export connections from the Airflow UI.

### Using Astro CLI

> You can also use Astro CLI to import or export connections and variables to STDOUT or a file in URI, JSON or YAML format. For example:
> 
> - Export all airflow objects including connections and variables to `.env` file in URI format
>     ```bash 
>     astro dev object export --env-export 
>     ```
> - Print the connections in the default URI format to STDOUT.
>     ```bash
>     astro dev run connections export - --file-format=env
>     ```
> - Print the connections in JSON format to STDOUT
>     ```bash
>     astro dev run connections export - --file-format=env --serialization-format=json
>     ```
> - Export connections in JSON format to conns.json in your Astro project's include dir
>     ```bash
>     astro dev run connections export --file-format=json /usr/local/airflow/include/conns.json
>     ```
> - Export connections in YAML format to conns.yaml in your Astro project's include directory
>     ```bash
>     astro dev run connections export --file-format=yaml /usr/local/airflow/include/conns.yaml
>     ```
> - Import all Airflow objects from `myairflowobjects.yaml` to a locally running Airflow environment
>     ```bash
>     astro dev object import --settingsfile="myairflowobjects.yaml"
>     ```
> 
> See [`astro dev object export`](cli/astro-dev-object-export.md), [`astro dev object import`](cli/astro-dev-object-import.md) and [`astro dev run`](cli/astro-dev-run.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`astro dev object export`](cli/astro-dev-object-export.md), [`astro dev object import`](cli/astro-dev-object-import.md) and [`astro dev run`](cli/astro-dev-run.md) to import and export connections and variables from a local Airflow environment to various formats. For example:

- To export all Airflow objects including connections, variables, and pools to your Astro project `.env` file in a URI format, run:
    
    ```bash 
    astro dev object export --env-export 
    ```

- To print only your connections connections in JSON format to STDOUT, run:

    ```bash
    astro dev run connections export - --file-format=env --serialization-format=json
    ```

- To import all Airflow objects from a file named `myairflowobjects.yaml` to a locally running Airflow environment, run:
    
    ```bash
    astro dev object import --settingsfile="myairflowobjects.yaml"
    ```
```

Reviewer: Cutting down on the number of examples here, and also making it clear that this is for local development only.
